Problem:


The problem is that disadvantaged and minority communities in the Bronx today do not have access to modern education, advanced resources and high tech opportunities in order to advance the careers of young adults in the 21st century.


The effect of this problem impacts the poverty rates, social integration of persons of color, as well as the fact that the voices of minorities are not being heard in government.


Pain points include high crime areas, gangland violence, unsanitary conditions, old building infrastructure, lack of access to stimulating environments, unhealthy eating habits.  The quality of education is the key to success in life, and if a community is lacking good teachers that will guide you through this constantly fast phase changing world, it will be hard for the individual to successfully navigate when there are so many distractions outside.

The gap between the poor and the rich is getting bigger, so we must put more towards the community.


The current situation creates a generational cycle of revolving poverty, missed opportunities and perceived systematic imbalances.


This hurts young adults the most as they are not even aware that their futures are already written for them.


Solution:


Young people are naturally drawn to playing games.  However, not all games are counterproductive to learning.  They provide stimulation, problem solving, and collaboration.  Therefore the solution is to create a community via a free continuing educational gaming program for big thinkers that connects young adults, small businesses, and donors to educate students about coding, design, new technology areas.  By using games, students will want to get rewarded for tasks in which they simultaneously educate themselves on tech careers.  The lessons are the game.


Key Metrics

-Poverty rates

-Small business needs, such hiring, financial considerations

-High crime areas


Fixed costs:

-Teachers/Administrators

-Classroom space

-Computers

-Marketing


Unique Value Proposition:

By advancing diversity in education you are bringing new ideas to the table which is a value to emerging business that need to adapt to new markets.

Incentivizing education and breaking the cycle of continual poverty in these low income areas.

Small businesses connect with the community.

Gaming education is a unique way to reach young people.


High level concept:

The facebook of after school

Unfair advantage:

People with unique cultural and diverse ideas.

Greater opportunity for growth in a disadvantaged area.


Channels:

Schools

Flyers

Websites

Social media like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat

Teachers

Teachers Union

Small Businesses

Donors 


Sources of Revenue

Donors

Government funding applications

Minority organisations

Rappers, Celebrities, Cardi B


Customers

College aged adults

Post college adults

Retired and elderly people


Early adopters:

People looking for career opportunities who didn’t attend or partially attended college.


Define a community problem you want to solve with technology and

the people who it affects that you want to serve.


Create a web based solution that allows the community members to take full advantage of internet resources and increase their career prospects.  Furthermore, small businesses will benefit from awareness and idea generation.  Donors will benefit from improving lives.


The application will be a web gaming platform that will engage and spark interest of students to embark on learning for the future.  There will be rewards and incentives to continue to learn.  Students will use in and out of class.  Projects will be assigned and worked on collaboratively like github and slack.  It will provide connections to the businesses it serves.


