Q1: 
In your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard? 


A: 
The computer and the keyboard are constantly waiting for input, once you hit a key, code is sent to pull the image of the letter from the memory made up of lines and circles and renders them into little box of pixels on the screen.

Q2: 
In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences?


A2: 
The computer sits between the input and output devices. A computer program processes and digitises the input information that ends up as 0 or 1. The result is then sent to an output device such as a screen.

Q3:
Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” 

A3:
Referring to a software. It is “infinitely reproducible nothings" because it is not a physical product that can be touched.

Q4:
In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? 

A4:
A programming style that organises data types in a hierarchy of classes
for safety reasons by numbers, alphabet, inheritance.

Q5:
In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. 
 

A5:
Data and code and vice-versa.
Data can be used as code (sublanguages, domain-specific languages) and code can be used as data (encoding booleans, numbers, lists, etc. as functions, replacing data structures with behavioural objects).

Q6:
What is a framework?

A6:
A framework is an application-specific software. A platform for developing software applications.

Q7:
What is debugging?

A7:
Debugging is fixing a broken code called "bug" that causes the application/software not to work properly, show error messages, or even crash. The word "debugging" coming from the first computers, when bud uses to climb on a wire and cause a short circuit, and when that happened the people in charge used to manually remove the bugs and that's why the called it "debugging" - to remove bugs literally and this word stayed till nowadays.

Q8:
Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to code? 

A8:
I was always fascinated about code and the secrets of the computer. Always wanted to know how things really work in the background and were dreaming about being a hacker. I found myself building my own website when I was 16 without really learning how to code.
I have the mindset of "problem-solving" and usually find a solution when I have a problem. Growing up into a digital world I knew I wanted to know more about how things work in the deep inside this mysterious world. I didn't have the English back then which stopped me from learning computer science but now I feel ready.
